Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- Hi. thank you.
- Hi. that's all right.
If you could get changed.
and then I'll see
you for handover.
All right. cool. see ya.
See you downstairs.
Thank you.
I never
really liked going to school.
but one thing I
enjoyed was physics.
Newton's first law
states an object
will remain at rest
or in uniform motion
in a straight line.
unless acted upon by
an external force.
Hey. Katerina.
Hi.
Thanks for coming.
How are you doing?
Yeah. all right.
- Feeling okay?
- Yeah.
Settling in all right?
Yeah.
Good. so maybe I
want to speak to you
about one of the patients in
particular that we've got.
Natasha Wong. she's got
lung cancer with brain mets.
Over the last 12 hours
she's been quite breathless.
She's had a fair amount of pain.
and I think we just need
to manage her expectations
with regards to why she's here.
and the fact that death is
probably quite imminent.
She also would really
like to go home.
so I think we'd have to
ask the Medical Board
if that was advisable.
At the moment. it
doesn't look like it.
So. she's probably our
priority patient at the moment.
The others are in
12. 13. and 14.
and then Natasha is in 18.
- Is that all right?
- Yeah.
- That should be good.
- Brilliant. brilliant.
See you outside.
See you around.
Morning.
Hi.
How are you?
All right. Lisa said
I'm with you all day.
That's nice!
Did Lisa tell you that
Ted is coming today.
He's coming about 12 o'clock.
Yeah. she mentioned it.
'Cause we have the
meeting with Dr. Haner.
Oh. do you?
We wanted to talk about
potentially me going home
in the next few days.
It's so weird. I've
been feeling...
Well. it's weird
and it's not weird.
I've been feeling so
much better recently and
miracles happen.
So. I've decided
I'm just gonna focus
on what I want. and be positive.
I feel like being here...
It's really hard
to stay positive.
It's okay.
I want children.
I've got so much ahead of me.
and I just feel here
it's holding me back.
and making me feel
like I can't have that.
It's like I'm fighting.
I just feel like if
I get out of here.
I'll be able to focus
on being positive.
and look into adoption.
I know I can't have my own
children but maybe I can adopt.
- You know?
- Yeah.
Yeah. so I'm
hoping that Dr. Haner
will
help us
to go on that journey.
Okay.
Natasha. first of all I gotta
say I love your attitude.
It's so important
to stay positive.
to do all of these
exercises that you're doing.
Honestly. it's so great.
About going home. obviously
it does have to go
through the Medical Board.
'cause there is a possibility
that you might not go home.
at least not right now. anyway.
So. do you want us to look into
what can we do to give you
the best quality of life...
Do you want
children. Katerina?
Kids?
Yeah.
Yes.
What would you
like. a boy or a girl?
If I could choose
it sounds so horrible but I
think a boy would be easier.
Oh my God. me too!
They're more fun.
and we both. Ted
and I want two boys.
Two. God!
And I think going home
to prepare for all that.
rather than being in here.
feeling like I'm gonna die.
I did notice when I walked in
that you've got a new
painting right here.
That's actually a
painting from a picture.
I took a picture
in South Africa.
What?
You have to go.
it's incredible.
The people are so
nice and you know.
I really want to go.
I'm gonna go in to the doctor.
and ask what he gave
you this morning
just to see
see what you having
in you already.
And then maybe talk to him
about getting you just
a little something
to get you through to lunch.
if that's okay with you.
Okay.
Do you need anything else?
Maybe. some more biscuits.
It's that kind of
day. we need sugar.
Yeah.
Okay. I'll see you later then.
Okay. thank you. Katerina.
Thank you.
Hi.
How are you doing?
All right.
You're from Norway. right?
Yes. I am. hi.
Katerina Nielson.
Hi. I'm Miguel.
Nice to meet you.
I'm the IPU leader.
Hi. nice to meet you.
Listen. I'm excellent
with all the work I do.
It's best you come to me.
if you need any
advice with drugs. or
where to go after work.
That's good to
know. and it's good
that you know what
you are good at.
Yeah. actually I do.
Thank you very much.
You're welcome. Miguel.
Yeah. Miguel from Spain
where Rafael Nadal is from. pow!
That's cool.
Listen. I finish work at
the same time as you today.
If you need a
partner for the bus.
I have a spare Oyster card.
and the local
power. they know me.
That sounds so
amazing. but I think
actually I'm gonna walk today.
Yeah.
It's all right.
But. thank you.
though. thank you.
No problem.
You're welcome.
See you around.
Bye.
You again.
Hey. Nick. how
you are you doing?
When are you going to shave?
When it goes out of fashion.
Come in.
Hi.
Hello.
What are you doing?
Just cleaning up in here.
Where's Natasha?
She's died.
Oh.
Okay.
But she just seemed
so fine two days ago.
It sometimes happens.
Okay. okay.
Okay.
Are you okay?
Yeah.
I'm fine. I'm fine.
Do you need to take five?
Yeah. I'll just step
out. just grab some air.
Okay.
Hey.
Hi.
How are you doing?
Okay.
First ones are
never easy. you know?
No. no. they're not.
You'll get used to it.
Will I?
Yeah.
You're allowed to feel.
It's totally normal.
If you didn't feel like that.
you'd be in the wrong job.
Yeah. that's true.
She was young. wasn't she?
Yeah.
Way too young.
It's a lesson for us.
Get out there and
live your life.
You just never know.
I'm Nick. by the way.
Hi.
I'm Katerina.
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. too.
Outside of a lift.
Take your time.
See you.
The second he spoke.
I remember having
slightly more interest
than I usually would
with a stranger.
My journal.
where I go when I need
to escape a little bit.
And like a sixth sense.
something awoke in my brain.
I'll bring it
back to you later.
- Okay.
- Thank you.
Hi.
Hey.
What are you doing?
I'm just taking a quick break.
How are you feeling today?
I feel a lot better.
I was worried about you.
Thank you.
I was meaning to say
that I've got a spare helmet.
if you want to a have a
spin on the motorbike.
get some fresh air.
clear the mind.
Okay.
I do actually have
an Oyster card.
Oh. the Oyster card.
I realise that's really
important in this place.
Let's take a ride.
Extremely important.
If you change your mind.
sort of want some fresh air.
Yeah. okay.
Have you changed your mind?
Okay.
What time do you finish?
Same as you.
I'll
see you then.
See you.
Bye.
I
swear I wasn't looking for it.
Was I?
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Here.
Why don't you just keep it?
Okay.
I guess I'll see you
tomorrow at work then.
Do you want to come
in and have some water?
Some water?
Yeah.
Sure.
Cheers.
So what about
you. mystery nurse?
What's your story?
My story?
Yeah.
What do you mean?
Do you have any special
someones in your life.
or a wife. girlfriend?
I was with
someone for a while.
but it didn't work
out. so you know.
Okay.
Married. or?
You ask a lot of questions.
How old are you?
I'm 25.
Okay. I'm gonna leave.
Why?
Why. how old are you?
I'm older than you.
By how much?
You're dangerous. you are.
No. I'm not dangerous.
This could get awkward.
It's already awkward.
Why. what?
What are you doing?
Nothing. apparently.
I really should go.
Come and stay. please.
Okay. I should go.
Why?
Because we work together.
and this is not a good idea.
What are you so worried about?
Come on. Nick. it's
just you and me here.
Come on. what's wrong?
It's okay.
I gotta go.
I'm gonna see you at work.
Okay.
Are you going?
Yeah. I'm gonna go.
Okay.
Bye.
KATERINA
VOICEOVER: It's funny
but I knew he would come back.
What are you doing?
I don't know.
Hey.
I didn't want to wake you.
- I was just...
- Oh no. it's fine.
It's fine.
Thanks for letting me stay.
My pleasure.
I don't think we should
say anything at work.
Okay.
You know. one-night stands...
Okay. I get it.
Aren't you leaving?
Yeah. I'm gonna leave.
Okay.
Bye.
Okay. bye.
I'm gonna go.
I'm a friend of Katerina.
We just...
You're her flatmate?
Yeah.
this is my apartment.
Nice to meet you.
I should leave.
Cool.
Bye. then.
- Bye.
I think
it was the Italian in him.
He would just show up at
the door without notice.
Want to go for a ride?
Okay.
His motorbike was
very moulded into one.
It was on the back that I
discovered the power of energy.
When were in sync.
we leaned left and right
as if joined by some invisible
force in a quantum level.
I hated
rollercoasters as a child.
but I was on the most
exciting ride ever.
Without being to strap in.
Did you always
want to be a nurse?
I always knew I
wanted to help people.
Maybe travel the world.
You're too normal for your
own good. you know that?
Why. what did you want to be?
I used to dream about being
a pilot when I was a kid.
- Pilot?
- Mm-hmm.
Then what happened?
I got my bike instead.
You settled for a
motorbike. now did you?
I'm not sure I settled.
I feel like I did
something less fun.
Well. it's a very pretty bike.
It would be handy
if you were a pilot.
You could fly me to Africa.
Hmm.
I've got a day off on Sunday.
I can go and get
my pilot's licence.
Hey!
Let's do it.
Yeah.
Or we can go on the motorbike.
We elope all the way to Africa.
Oh. Elope. no!
Okay.
All right.
You wanna travel. huh?
Yeah. I do. one day.
I am sure we will.
I'm sure you will.
- Stay here.
- No. no.
I need a drink.
No. you don't.
Goodness. it's 7 a.m.
What was that?
I said I miss you already.
Say that again.
Wow. you speak Norwegian.
Okay. please stay.
stay. stay. stay.
Where are you always going?
My days at work turned
into anticipation of fun or
where I will bump into him.
I like that he
won't tell anyone.
It makes this thing.
this game. more fun.
He had a sensitivity
that was easy to connect to.
- Again?
- Yeah. again.
Come with me.
This one's trouble.
Hi.
She's leaving.
Until
I started asking questions.
Things seemed more important
to him. more serious.
Not something I was used to.
This is where I come
to think sometimes.
It's a good place to get
some peace and quiet.
It's nice.
Where do you go?
I don't really
have the need to go out
and think too much.
It's my
Empire State Building.
Okay.
I think I prefer this
over a skyscraper.
You think a lot. don't you?
You spend a lot of
time inside your head.
I try not to.
You know that love
when you can't stop
thinking about somebody?
When you're not with them.
you just want to find them.
When you're with them.
time stands still.
That kind of love.
This is special.
Katerina. this is
really special.
You make me feel alive.
I haven't felt like
this in a long time.
I can feel my soul
and it's because of you.
Take the day off work.
- No.
- Take the day of work.
No. no. I can't. no. no.
No. no. no.
No. I have to go.
When are we going to
do something together?
Sure.
Tomorrow?
I'm gonna go away tomorrow.
With me or are you
going on your own?
Just got to do something
but I'll be back.
Okay.
My phone.
Newton's second law states
that the acceleration
of an object
is dependent upon two variables.
The net force acting
upon the object
and the mass of
the object itself.
Nice to see you.
Likewise.
I had a feeling you would call.
How have you been?
Good.
You look good.
I feel really good.
That's the longest
time I've been away.
Yeah.
Do you miss me?
I've got something
to tell you.
You can tell me.
I've met somebody
that I really like.
What's her name?
Katerina.
Is that why you're here?
Do you want my
opinion about her?
Happy for you.
Does she know?
You have to tell her. though.
you know that. right?
I feel like I have to
tell you something. too.
Okay.
I'm pregnant.
Are you happy with him?
Yes.
It's a girl.
What are you gonna call her?
I wanted to ask you if
you were okay if I would
call her Mia.
Yeah.
That's the only name
I can think about.
She came back.
I am so happy for you.
Thank you.
He might
find it hard at first.
I know.
I never thought we'd get here.
two separate lives now.
You know. I...
I know what happened that
makes you really scared.
I hadn't seen you
like that before.
I couldn't imagine what
it would have been like to
raise a child with
you being that way.
I know you're fine but
you have to tell her. though.
I'll tell her when
the time is right. okay?
Nothing's happened
in eight years.
She's really young?
She's younger. yeah.
Is that easier?
Maybe.
I really like her.
Are you still seeing
your specialist?
Are you not taking
anything right now?
I'm fine.
I'm worried about you.
It's always gonna
be there. you know.
I need to go.
Oh no. don't.
Don't say it.
I missed you.
Hey.
what's that?
I found it on the bridge.
I think it might suit you.
You really didn't.
If I tell you the
truth. you gonna take it?
I'm not gonna take it.
Here. take it
back. take it back.
I don't want it.
It's really nice. take it.
You sure you can afford it?
Yes. so please take it.
Thank you.
How was work?
Long.
How are you doing down there?
Sorry.
Sorry. it's just Camilla.
What's going on?
Oh. we just started
planning Africa.
She's like texting me
every five minutes.
She is buying tickets
and that kind of thing.
I think you're gonna
have a lovely time.
I mean. you could come
with. if you want to.
I mean. Camilla would love
it. she really likes you.
Really likes me.
Well. she
doesn't dislike you.
She doesn't know you.
I can't. just I go
other things going on.
- I'm not sure...
- What other things?
You have your job.
what other things?
Come on. you never
tell me anything.
All I know is that you
worked there for 10 years.
and that you like
playing football.
You ever thought
about getting married?
Maybe one day.
I'm wondering if
this conversation
is a little bit premature.
Okay.
Wondering if you are
a little bit drunk.
- Can we get some water. please?
- Excuse me.
This is my night off.
Thank you very much.
Excuse me. that is
my wine glass. mister.
We get a new bottle.
Just for a minute.
let's fantasise.
I just tripped
down the aisle. you're
running away. going.
I'm going to Africa.
You're such a mess.
Yes. I'm drunk.
I can tell.
And then tomorrow
I'm gonna regret it.
but right now
everything's perfect.
Okay.
Don't tell anybody.
Come meet me in the bathroom.
You're insane.
A little bit.
Dream of Africa.
Okay.
He carries a mystery.
an evasiveness.
I ask about his past
and there he stops.
And he take a moment as if
he's deciding whether he should
tell me something or not.
What are you writing?
Nothing.
I just saw my name.
- Saw my name.
- Sh!
No. you didn't see your name.
I saw Nick.
Yeah. and Nick
in Norwegian means
none of your business
in Norwegian.
Go away. go away!
This is mine. go to bed.
I'm allowed to have secrets.
Do you hate me?
Yeah. that's
exactly what I write:
I hate Nick Caluzzi.
God. I wish he'd
get out of my bed.
You see. I knew it.
Gosh!
I knew it.
Leave me alone. I'm writing.
What the hell are you writing?
Go away.
It's not fair. I'm
gonna write in Italian.
You go and do that.
Buy your own journal. then.
No. no. no. go to bed.
I am busy!
I'm gonna write in Italian.
Can't do that.
Okay. what does that mean?
I'm not telling you.
It's a secret.
Oh. we keep it in
secrets. now. are we?
Today it all changed.
I can't even write about it.
I thought I was in control.
And now I'm not.
Is there anything I can do?
Yeah.
You can hold my hand.
I had to protect myself.
The truth is I
was scared inside.
And when that happens...
I've learned to bite
before I get bitten.
What's going on?
Nothing.
It doesn't seem like nothing.
Yeah. I'm fine.
Are you sure?
Yeah. it's fine.
But I have to go home tonight.
I thought you said
you wanted to stay and
watch a movie or something.
Yeah. yeah. I was
but Camilla just texted me and
she needs to talk to me. so.
What does she
want to talk about?
Why. do you have
to know everything?
Sorry. sorry. it's fine. okay.
I just need to go home.
She doesn't like
me much. does she?
Can you please
not be so paranoid.
She likes you fine.
You're making fuss out
of nothing right now.
I just have to go home. okay?
I don't think I am.
Okay. now I just feel like
you're causing an
argument over nothing.
I'm not even sure if it's me
that's causing an argument.
Yes. you are.
I'm telling you I have to
go home and you're getting
all angry at me.
I just have to go home and
talk to my flatmate. okay?
It's fine.
Katerina.
Yeah?
I don't know what
the hell is going on.
but I'm here if you wanna
talk about it. okay?
Yeah. I know that.
Look. it's fine. okay?
We don't have to spend every
second of the day together.
Let me just go home
and deal with this
and then we'll talk later.
Okay.
Okay. I'll see you.
Hi!
- Hi.
- Hi. can I sit here?
Yeah.
you can take a seat.
Thank you.
My bad. I'm
thinking about life.
That's okay.
Hi. I don't we've
probably met yet.
I'm not sure. but I saw
you just around. because I...
It's crazy 'cause I've
been here for like a month.
I'm Katerina. anyway.
Nice to meet you. I'm Luca.
Well. that's a lovely name.
Is that Italian?
Yes. I'm from Italy.
Oh. are you?
Oh my God. it's amazing.
I really want to to Italy.
Actually. not from
Italy. I'm from Venice.
Oh Venice. I'm so jealous!
I always say Venice.
That's so cool.
You started last
month. did you say?
Yeah. I'm fairly new still.
All right. so.
Okay.
The observer effect.
I changed reality just by the
very act of looking at it.
I hardly worry
about mom anymore.
Only when I talk to my sister
do I remember what
I left behind.
I had to leave.
I
had no choice. I know that.
I can only hope that...
By leaving I'm setting
a good example for my sister.
I
hope that she sees that
if I can do it. so can she.
At
this point. I do suspect
it's only her boyfriend
holding her back.
She
won't move away from him.
Now. you see
a man
holding you back.
You okay?
Yeah. you?
Why are you trying
to get a reaction
out of me at work?
What do you mean. I haven't.
I haven't done anything.
You're just being oversensitive.
What?
Are you seeing someone else?
No.
Nick.
No. I have not been
with someone else.
but what the hell?
What is wrong with you?
But even if I had.
it isn't like we ever said
that we were together.
Yeah. say something.
I miss you.
Don't do that to
me. don't do that.
This was just meant to be
like a temporary thing. Nick.
Now. it feels like
you're changing.
I can't do this anymore.
I can't do this
anymore with you.
I'm not.
Okay.
Okay. good.
This place is great. yeah?
Can we have that drink?
Can we get that drink. please?
- Yeah.
- Just the lime soda.
- Cheers. man.
Thank you.
Is Camilla joining
us anytime soon. or?
Oh. she didn't text you?
No.
Well. apparently
there's an emergency
at your guys' hospital.
I don't know. maybe.
she'll be here later.
Shall we?
I definitely feel like
we've been set up.
- Camilla.
She wouldn't do that.
- would she?
- No.
She's great. though.
I really like her.
Yeah.
So. how long have
you been in London?
I've been in
London for six years.
That's a long time.
- Yeah. and you?
- You like it?
I'm just here doing
my fellowship.
I'm specialising in
becoming a neurosurgeon.
And you. where are you from?
I'm from Norway. actually.
- And you?
- I'm from South Africa.
You couldn't tell the accent.
From Africa?
Yeah. I'm from Cape Town
which is like right at the
bottom-southwest corner.
It's quite a cosmopolitan
European city.
not really like real Africa.
If you wanna
experience real Africa.
you need to kind of
go a little bit north.
So. Camilla said that you
work in palliative care.
Yeah. I'm a nurse.
same as Camilla.
Okay.
Which makes me a
surgeon. I guess?
Being a surgeon
can be tough.
I mean. just getting
there is tough.
He was perfect.
handsome. a surgeon.
Everything you could
ask for. really.
Two years of
internship afterward.
But he wasn't Nick.
Specialise.
So. I came to the UK.
Are you okay. 'cause you
seem very distracted.
It's just that
I realise actually
I have somewhere else to be.
Are you sure?
Hey. can I help you?
I mean. is there
something you need...
- No. no. I'm fine.
- Or do you need a lift?
I'm fine. sorry. I'm fine.
Thank you.
Don't worry about
it. I will sort it out.
Thank you.
Maybe. we could
do this again sometime.
- Yeah. maybe. maybe.
- All right.
What the hell?
Hey. man. can I get another
one of these. please?
I miss you already.
- Camilla.
- Oh Jesus!
You scared the hell out of me.
I'm looking for Katerina.
Do you know where she is?
She's fine.
She's just gone
away for a few days.
Can you tell her to call
me when you speak to her?
Sure.
Yeah.
Thank you.
You know.
it's just not that deep.
Is that right?
Yeah.
Hi Nick.
I ain't seen you in a while.
I'll have vodka tonic.
Double. single?
Give me a double.
Okay. mate.
It's
not working for me.
How long
have you been feeling this?
Is that
a serious question?
You
haven't brought this up.
What was that the other day?
Huh?
You let your mom
speak to me like that?
I couldn't shout at her...
You said nothing!
It was all
her friends were there.
All the family were there.
Do you know how
that made me feel?
You care more about what
they think than I think.
Don't worry about her.
Like. you always fixate
on what she's saying.
You're like a seven-year-old
when you're around her.
It's ridiculous!
Do you know what
your problem is?
- You're weak.
- I'm not weak. just...
Are you all right?
Yeah. I'm fine.
It's never the right time.
Have you even told her
that I don't want children.
Look. I just
don't think it matters
so much about what
she want wants
rather than what we
want for each other.
Your family
don't approve of me.
They do. how
many times have I said it?
The thing is you
don't come by yourself.
You come with an army of
freaking Iranians behind you.
I find it pathetic.
I understand the problem.
Do you know what the problem is?
Do you want me to tell
you what the problem is?
Oh. give him a break.
I beg your pardon?
I said give him a break!
Nick. mate.
Stay out of this. mate.
Not today. mate. not today.
You guys all right.
sorry about that. yeah?
Well. you haven't stopped her
ever since the second
I walked in the door.
Oh my God. are
you still speaking?
Rein your neck in.
we're having a
private conversation.
There's nothing private
about your conversation.
Just stay down. don't
worry. he's drunk.
I'm not drunk.
Don't let him speak
to me like that!
Everyone can hear what
you're talking about.
Oh my God. he's a nutcase.
I'm on your side. pal.
Who are you. anyway?
Just go away. you got
nothing to do with this.
This is not your issue here.
I'm trying to have
love. it's okay.
No one asked to speak.
Just stay down. I
know. just stay down.
Just stay down.
It has nothing to do with you.
- I'm on your side.
- I know.
Don't let him
speak to me like that.
- Here we go again.
- This is my problem.
There you are shouting
at everybody again.
You are off
of your fucking head!
Don't fucking call her that.
I fucking had it!
My God!
Just calm down.
just stay down.
Call the police!
Calm down!
Just stay down. let's calm down.
Pull him off. pull him off!
Easy. easy. easy!
You're all the same!
Don't do that to me. though!
Calm down. calm
down. calm down.
Let's have a walk. yeah.
It's getting in his head.
You're all the same.
Nick. get out!
Hey. man. have a seat.
I'll get you a drink.
He's a fucking nutcase
and a fucking liability.
that's what he is!
Everyone at work is wondering
what happened to...
I won't call him.
I can't
because that might
be what he wants.
Hi. everyone.
thank you for coming.
I'm sorry I had to call
this emergency meeting.
I know it's the night shift and
they're not our favourites.
Nick Caluzzi. one of our senior
nurses. he's gone missing.
Well. he hasn't turned
up to work for five days.
so if you do know
any information.
or anything about Nick
or his last whereabouts.
then that would be brilliant
if you could let me know.
We just want him safe.
We just want him found.
If you could look at the board
to see where his shifts are.
and otherwise we'll get
some agency nurses in.
Of course. sure.
Brilliant. thank
you very much.
Thank you. everyone.
Thank you.
Oh God. I hope he
hasn't had an accident.
Where have you gone?
The
definition of entanglement
is to be involved in a
complicated situation
and which is difficult
to disengage.
My
rule was to keep my distance.
I never thought that
would backfire on me.
You know I heard
that they found Nick.
that nurse guy. but they
won't tell us where he is.
They're probably
not allowed to.
I don't think he's
coming back to work.
I don't think he's allowed.
I think something
happened. maybe.
I heard something.
He's like a really weird guy.
I don't think he
spoke to anyone.
Kept to himself.
I never
really met him.
And I worked with
him a few times.
Yeah. really weird.
As soon
as I heard there was word.
I knew exactly where to go.
Miguel.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Hi Katerina. what's up?
Do you have a second to talk?
Yeah.
What's wrong?
I heard you know
where Nick Caluzzi is.
What?
I heard you know
where Nick Caluzzi is.
Can you tell me?
You know I can't tell
you that information.
Why did you want to know?
Because me and Nick have
been seeing each other.
and it ended badly. and he
thinks I cheated on him.
and I have to make it right.
I knew something was going on.
Please. I need to
know where he is.
Listen. I'm gonna go for
a cigarette in a moment. and
the door to my office is open.
You can look in
the filing cabinet.
Okay?
Thank you.
No worries.
As
Newton's third law says.
for every action there is an
equal and opposite reaction.
Need help?
Yeah.
I'm here to see Nick Caluzzi.
Are you a relative?
No. I'm a friend.
Katerina Nielson.
You wanna come and sign in?
Yeah.
Come in.
Here you go.
Thanks.
You okay?
Yeah. yeah.
I'm just a bit nervous.
The last time I saw him it
didn't end very well.
I'm just not sure if I'm
doing the right thing
by coming today.
You can come back
another time. if you want.
I have to see him.
I get it.
It can be really hard
on the relatives.
They often think it's
something they've done.
It's the illness.
don't forget that.
Within a week of
taking his medication.
he was much better.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I don't think he
should even be here.
but he has to wait for
an official discharge.
Oh.
How was he admitted?
I can't tell you that.
Patient confidentiality.
Of course.
Does he know that I'm coming?
Okay.
You ready?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
Come on. I'll take you to him.
You all right?
Just give me a shout
if you need me.
How you been?
I'm fine.
What the hell happened. Nick?
I ask myself the same
question every day.
Why didn't you tell me
that you ended up in here?
Why would I do that?
Because you just disappeared.
Everyone at work was
really worried about you.
Yeah. well. I'm sure
they caught their shifts.
Stop it.
I'm still so angry.
I can't shift in.
I don't understand.
You let me down.
They said that I triggered
an episode of bipolar.
I thought I'd got
over it a few year ago
so I stopped taking
my medication.
And then this emotional reaction
apparently triggered it again.
Do I actually have
to get into this?
But you look fine to me.
You shouldn't have come.
I'm trying to get
you out of my mind.
I had to see where you were.
I don't want you
to see me like this.
But you'll be fine.
You just need to get out
of here and you'll be fine.
Maybe.
Why didn't you tell me about
this thing that you have?
I didn't know.
Embarrassed.
I was scared.
I was scared I was
gonna lose you.
Everyone has secrets. Nick.
If I told you mine.
you'd probably run away.
Try me.
Another time. maybe.
Don't start that again.
You play games.
No. it's not a game anymore.
It's probably for
the best. anyway.
It's not like I could have
introduced you to my family.
Too old?
Too crazy.
I mean. you have
a certificate now
and everything. don't you?
I finally got a
certificate in something.
I'm joking.
It's the motorbike
thing they don't like.
I'm gonna go in case you
trigger another episode.
Okay.
I'm gonna go.
It's what you keep saying.
I'm definitely gonna go.
You're gonna go now. yeah.
I should go.
You're gonna go.
I'm gonna go this time.
Okay.
I'm glad you came.
Yeah. me. too.
I
think he believed in love
until he met me.
I promise you.
I'll make it up to you.
Werner Heisenberg
said. "It's a world
"of potentialities
or possibilities
"rather than one of
things or facts."
The paradox
is only a conflict
between reality
and your feeling of what
reality ought to be.
And in the end
I believe that all
paths lead home.